classroom: Alright, so, I think, we're gonna wait for a few more minutes. Maybe a few more students will join us, because I've got…
classroom: 25 students enrolled in this course, have a full house. I don't know how many will show up. So while we're waiting, I'd like to, share with you a letter
classroom: That was published.
classroom: Let me check.
classroom: 2021! That was when you were…
classroom: Still in the high school, right? 2021. Yeah, I, you know, these days, I keep, showing people the article I wrote many years ago. Like, this one is, like, 4 years ago. Anyway,
classroom: if you look at… because I know many of you are from Chinese medicine, right? Raise your hand if you're from Chinese medicine. Yeah, okay. So we have a special session for Chinese medicine. So that's why I show this letter to you.
classroom: The title is How Hong Kong Can Apply Traditional Chinese Medicine in Fight Against Chronic Disease.
classroom: And you can see there's some summary line here. The health department strategy focusing on specific risk factors rather than holistic health management.
classroom: the traditional Chinese medicine practitioners are able to customize health recommendations to individual constitutions and needs. So that's a very classical point about the difference between the Chinese medicine and the Western medicine, right? Because
classroom: the Chinese citizens take a more holistic, approach. And also, you know, take into consideration the individualized, individual constitution. So.
classroom: This letter…
classroom: Another reason why I want to show you this letter is because it was the collaboration between me and,
classroom: a PhD student in Chinese medicine from BU, okay? So,
classroom: I think this is a very good way to introduce this course.
classroom: Because one thing we do in this course is to write about public policy.
classroom: And then try to publish in South China Morning Post.
classroom: Okay, so Sunshine Money Post has got a letter section.
classroom: letter to the editor, okay? Anyone can submit.
classroom: Anyone can submit a letter.
classroom: It's, you won't get paid.
classroom: Alright? But, if you, if the editor liked the letter, they will run it, they will publish it on paper, okay, as well as online.
classroom: So, the…
classroom: the word limit is up to 400 words, alright? Up to 400 words. But usually, these days, you see the whole section is kind of getting smaller, not enough space, so it's getting harder to publish letters there.
classroom: And, you know, when I first, offered this course, it was back in 20… 2019 or something?
classroom: I got at least 10 or more letters published every semester.
classroom: My students.
classroom: Okay? But these days, it's getting, getting more difficult, and also…
classroom: I don't always get the time to supervise and help students to pursue the project very rigorously, so we get less… fewer letters published these days. But still, we manage to publish at least 4 or 5 each semester.
classroom: Okay?
classroom: And, another thing is, the number of co-authors can be up to 3.
classroom: Okay? So,
classroom: But of course, if you form a group, let's say we have a group of 4 or 5,
classroom: Then you have to decide, you know, who is going to be the co-author.
classroom: Right? Or you can try to write two letters.
classroom: Alright.